Update README for extension catalog (#50)
redhat-developer/podman-desktop-image-checker-openshift-ext: README.md

Podman Desktop Extension
========================

> To install the extension on Podman Desktop, you can go to the "Extensions" tab in the sidebar and search for "Checker".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the extension on Podman Desktop, you can click on the "Extensions" icon in the left sidebar and search for "Checker".
```
